So here to fix this, we we can use the spin that is actually necessary.
So you can see the first column we use the spin 12.
So this column also we can use span 12 subtotal 24 column grid.
So that's the one used by.
And so you can see as soon as you do that, it's nicely laid out.
You can see the light and dark feel on the dark blue.
You get these beautiful horizontal lines as well.
Now they are too close with each other, so we have to have some kind of a offset.
So what we can do here is we can have a set of, let's say, one.
This will be a problem because you can see it's a 24 column grid.
So this is already taken 12 and this is already thing 12.
So that's 24.
And now when we offset one and it's size two, that becomes 26.
So if you want to do if we need offset like that, then we have to reduce this to ten.
So it's ten and offset on both side, right and left one on.
So all together becomes 12.
So this is 12 and this column is 12.
So altogether 24.
If you do that, it looks.
All right.
Now, what are you going to do if you are in a small screen?
Maybe you want to move this to underneath this first column.
I guess if you want something like that, you can have a different value here.
For example, on small screen, small, you can have you can will you undertake a full width for so
you could have 24 to give it to full width.
However, since we're using offset one, we can use try to subtract two in one of said 24 is for do
this on small screen.
It will take the full width instead of just.
Trying to fight with each other.
All right.
And on last one.
Last one you can use.
Just like we were doing before.
But you have to make a dent because it's offset on both side.
So on last year, just like we used to spend to before, it's the same thing.
But on small screen you take the full width.
So that's similar to 24 and 12 of since.
And because of the opposite, the two has been added to.
You can use the same value in the previous one as well.
So they will be fully responsive.
In a small screen, deleted the full width.
And on a bigger screen, they will be split into half.
So don't get confused.
This is actually 24 and this is actually 12.
Okay.
So because of the offset on Woodside, we reduce the value to value by two.
It is right now.
You can see a bit of a space on both side.
And they're taking ten and offside once altogether, 12 and 12 on the biggest screen.
But if we're in a small screen.
Okay.
Let me just refresh.
Oh, sorry.
Small screen this should be.
Okay.
So on small screen, isn't it key?
On very small screen, it doesn't seems to be a problem.
But with this much bigger you can see it is taking full with.
For.
If you were about a very, very small, you can use the excess model as well.
I'm pretty sure you can.
I guess you can do this as well.
So that was the first column.
Let's go to the next one.
All right.
So let's try.
Even on extremely small screen now.
It works beautifully.
Okay.
So we have been able to create a category and display them here.
However, this might actually not work immediately if you're a French fry.
So the view.
It is created, but we don't see that immediately.
Now, to fix that, obviously there are multiple ways.
One, you can.
Take this data that he got from the.
This create response and this data means a new category.
So you can push this to the state and that way you have the categories list that is fully updated.
All right.
So that way, as soon as you create, you will immediately see the categories.
So let's do that unfinished.
We get the data as soon as we get the data.
You want to populate the these categories list in the context in the state and so set.
Said categories.
So what are we going to do?
Is we going to just spread out using this spread of it so it will spread out all the values that you
have in there.
So spread out.
And now we're going to put another one.
Said categories.
And then the data that he got.
Which is right here.
Actually.
So you can use this to spread out all the categories.
And then the one you got.
You just put it, put this, you know, if you want this to be in the very front, you can put it in
the beginning as well.
Let's give it a try first and see how this works.
Let's try another one.
Let's try.
Another popular library.
You.
You can see immediately it comes up here right at the end.
But if you want this to come on the top.
In Uganda streets this.
To this way.
It would appear on top Cannes next one.
Meteor.
I guess it comes into an on page reader as well, because these are the latest ones.
We have the sorting in the controller and that means.
We?
Get them on the very top.
I just noticed one small issue that if I reload the base.
I am redirected.
Mm hmm.
I think that was the reason I need to have.
I had to have that kind of broken down, because what we're doing at the moment, I mean, discreetly,
su su in the components admin layout, what we're doing here is.
If we don't have.
The response current and whom it should be okay to.
So.
We try that.
If there is an error, we push to the home.
Said, referring to false by default.
It's true.
So by default, it's true.
So when it's true, we are showing the loading.
Okay.
So I think what we need to do here is we need to take if I took.
Because we are accessing this value from context.
So we might not get the value immediately when this huge effect front.
So we want to make sure we have got the token and then only then make a request.
All right.
So don't get confused with the syntax.
This could be written here if token you could do it like this.
But if it is just a single statement, you could do it all in line in a statement as well.
So if this confused, you just make sure to use the code address.
But otherwise it's it's neat.
It's quite simple.
One line used it.
Okay, so let's try if that fixes.
Let's go to categories.
All right, so let's give it reload.
All right.
This time we stay here.
We don't get redirected like we did before, because we are now making sure that we have got the token
and then we are making requests to this endpoint.
It's beautiful.
That is beautifully done.